It's only been over a month
Fetal instability
You need to learn to control your emotions
Here are me and Shi Qing's children
If Shi Qing knew, he would definitely be very happy
It's just that Mrs. Yan rejects me so much
If he found out
Will definitely make me abort the baby
Doctor, I have something to ask you.
Can I not tell anyone about my pregnancy?
Don't worry, this is patient privacy
We will definitely keep it a secret.
It's just that your physique is weak
Pay more attention to rest
Do not engage in strenuous exercise for the first three months
Emotions should also be stable
Thank you doctor
Wu Qiqi
You don't think you're going to the hospital pretending to be sick
You can see Shi Qing
Mrs. Yan has ordered
You are not allowed to step into Yan's house
This is the divorce agreement
If you know him, sign him
Mrs. Yan only recognizes me as her daughter-in-law
Dirty woman like you
I don't deserve to be the daughter-in-law of the Yan family at all
I am dirty
It's all because of you
Anyway, a dirty woman like you
I don't deserve to enter Yan's house half a step
Who means this?
Are you world-weary?
I am the mother of the golden child
I mean picking up gold
No difference.
You dream
Gu Siya
You came back from abroad.
Nothing else has improved
Shameless has improved a lot
Don't say I didn't divorce Ye Shiqing
Even if he admits you
I am also his legal wife
Not like you
A nameless person can compare
What a big breath!